
							

						

						
Your Privacy Rights


Frequently Asked Questions


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


							


													


					

					



					
			

			


Opt Out of WarnerMedia Interest Based Advertising

			
						As described in our privacy policy, WarnerMedia may use cookies or similar tracking technologies to collect information across our own or others’ websites, services, and apps over time. We may use and transfer this information to help serve advertising that may be more relevant to your interests on and off our Sites and across your devices and browsers. This type of advertising is known as interest-based advertising.																																	

		

	




																		If you opt out here, we will continue to collect data for non-interest-based advertising purposes, including research, analytics, and internal operations. You may continue to receive advertising on WarnerMedia websites and apps based on your activities across our properties.															

			
																		Your opt-out choice will apply to the browser or device where you make the choice. This means that WarnerMedia will not deliver interest-based advertising to this browser or device and we will not otherwise use or transfer data collected on this browser or device for interest-based advertising.															

			
																		To opt out of WarnerMedia’s collection, use, and transfer of data for interest-based advertising, click “OPT OUT” button below.															

			
For more information on third-party interest-based advertising, see our 
privacy policy.
															

		

	






Your preference has been received

			

			
																		You have opted out of WarnerMedia’s collection, use, and transfer of data for interest-based advertising for this device or browser.															

				
																		WarnerMedia will continue to collect data for non-interest-based advertising purposes, including research, analytics, and internal operations. You may continue to receive advertising on WarnerMedia websites and apps based on your activities across our properties.																																				

				
																		For more information and to opt out of third-party interest-based advertising, see our 
privacy policy.
															

			

		

	




			

			
Our Privacy Approach


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Cookie Settings


								

								

							

						

					

					
AT&T
 / 
XANDR
 | 
WARNERMEDIA
 | 
WARNER BROS.

								

							

						

					

				


			

			


		

		


		